What do you want to bet on?
If you lose
I want him to pay me 100.
how
I never gamble with life, death or freedom.
You are afraid hahaha
If you die accidentally
I will take good care of them for you.
The army and your woman
I will take care of it too
I will make them happy.
You can die with confidence
Fair to you
You deserve to die countless times
Humph
That requires your ability.
Say this bet
Do you dare me to bet
Don't be provoked by his provocation
Besides, I'm not necessarily going to lose
Since you won't lose
What about a bet with him?
If he loses
I will accompany you one night
But what if you lose?
Hahahaha
How could I possibly lose?
I just ask you
What to bet
Since you are so impatient
Then I will fulfill you
If you lose
Life to you
It's a deal.
Help me take his life
It is not shameful for Han Yang Jade Bone Mirror to lose to Golden Bone Mirror
Alive to have a chance for revenge
I know Elder Xu
And he was right.
Alive to have a chance for revenge
So you're dead.